removed legacy info (#12839)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/billing/upgrade.md

>**Note:**
>

> If you were previously on a legacy per-repository plan, your plan has been converted to a new Pro or Team monthly plan. For details, see [Resource Consumption FAQs](https://www.docker.com/pricing/resource-consumption-updates){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were previously on a legacy per-repository plan, your plan has been converted to a new Pro or Team monthly plan. For details, see [Pricing FAQ](faq.md).
```
I think we should link to the Pricing FAQ instead (the Resource consumption faq isn't about the legacy plan conversion). Please check the syntax of the link I suggest, and whether it should open in a new tab.
